1328734880
Application	/home/jquialml/www/social/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	/home/jquialml/www/social/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
ClassMethods	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/helpers/profiles_management.rb	  module ClassMethods
ClassMethods	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/helpers/groups_management.rb	  module ClassMethods
CreateGroups	/home/jquialml/www/social/db/migrate/20120127193942_create_groups.rb	class CreateGroups 
CreateMemberships	/home/jquialml/www/social/db/migrate/20120208201522_create_memberships.rb	class CreateMemberships 
CreateOwnerships	/home/jquialml/www/social/db/migrate/20120208201508_create_ownerships.rb	class CreateOwnerships 
CreateProfiles	/home/jquialml/www/social/db/migrate/20120127184412_create_profiles.rb	class CreateProfiles 
CreateUsers	/home/jquialml/www/social/db/migrate/20120126233759_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
Group	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/models/group.rb	class Group 
GroupTest	/home/jquialml/www/social/test/unit/group_test.rb	class GroupTest 
GroupsController	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/controllers/groups_controller.rb	class GroupsController 
GroupsControllerTest	/home/jquialml/www/social/test/functional/groups_controller_test.rb	class GroupsControllerTest 
GroupsHelper	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/helpers/groups_helper.rb	module GroupsHelper
GroupsHelperTest	/home/jquialml/www/social/test/unit/helpers/groups_helper_test.rb	class GroupsHelperTest 
GroupsManagement	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/helpers/groups_management.rb	module GroupsManagement
InstanceMethods	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/helpers/profiles_management.rb	  module InstanceMethods
InstanceMethods	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/helpers/groups_management.rb	  module InstanceMethods
Membership	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/models/membership.rb	class Membership 
MembershipTest	/home/jquialml/www/social/test/unit/membership_test.rb	class MembershipTest 
Ownership	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/models/ownership.rb	class Ownership 
OwnershipTest	/home/jquialml/www/social/test/unit/ownership_test.rb	class OwnershipTest 
Profile	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/models/profile.rb	class Profile 
ProfileTest	/home/jquialml/www/social/test/unit/profile_test.rb	class ProfileTest 
ProfilesController	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/controllers/profiles_controller.rb	class ProfilesController 
ProfilesControllerTest	/home/jquialml/www/social/test/functional/profiles_controller_test.rb	class ProfilesControllerTest 
ProfilesHelper	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/helpers/profiles_helper.rb	module ProfilesHelper
ProfilesHelperTest	/home/jquialml/www/social/test/unit/helpers/profiles_helper_test.rb	class ProfilesHelperTest 
ProfilesManagement	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/helpers/profiles_management.rb	module ProfilesManagement
Social	/home/jquialml/www/social/config/application.rb	module Social
TestCase	/home/jquialml/www/social/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserTest	/home/jquialml/www/social/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
UsersController	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersControllerTest	/home/jquialml/www/social/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	class UsersControllerTest 
UsersHelper	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
UsersHelperTest	/home/jquialml/www/social/test/unit/helpers/users_helper_test.rb	class UsersHelperTest 
add_group	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/helpers/groups_management.rb	    def add_group(name)
add_member	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/models/group.rb	  def add_member(user)
change	/home/jquialml/www/social/db/migrate/20120126233759_create_users.rb	  def change
change	/home/jquialml/www/social/db/migrate/20120127193942_create_groups.rb	  def change
change	/home/jquialml/www/social/db/migrate/20120127184412_create_profiles.rb	  def change
change	/home/jquialml/www/social/db/migrate/20120208201508_create_ownerships.rb	  def change
change	/home/jquialml/www/social/db/migrate/20120208201522_create_memberships.rb	  def change
create	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/controllers/groups_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/controllers/profiles_controller.rb	  def create
create_profile	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/helpers/profiles_management.rb	    def create_profile
destroy	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/controllers/groups_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/controllers/profiles_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/controllers/groups_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/controllers/profiles_controller.rb	  def edit
get_all_users	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	  def get_all_users
groupable	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/helpers/groups_management.rb	    def groupable
included	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/helpers/profiles_management.rb	  def self.included(base)
included	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/helpers/groups_management.rb	  def self.included(base)
index	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/controllers/groups_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/controllers/profiles_controller.rb	  def index
new	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/controllers/groups_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/controllers/profiles_controller.rb	  def new
profileable	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/helpers/profiles_management.rb	    def profileable
remove_group	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/helpers/groups_management.rb	    def remove_group(name)
remove_member	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/models/group.rb	  def remove_member(user)
show	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/controllers/groups_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/controllers/profiles_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/home/jquialml/www/social/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
update	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/controllers/groups_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/jquialml/www/social/app/controllers/profiles_controller.rb	  def update
